And I wonder who you think would be worthy enough to be my wife.
Your parents left you the ring in their will, but usually it goes to the eldest son.
So now that you have dishonored our family, I think that Stannis should take over.
Rightfully.
That's right.
To save the honor of our family, I guess I have no choice.
I agree.
As the eldest, Stannis should be the rightful heir.
And my parents would have given it to Stannis if he was even capable.
Even if I stepped aside, you couldn't handle it.
He can't.
What about me?
Jamie, you're a cruel traitor.
I hate your guts.
If you would have just apologized, I would have forgiven you.
But now it's too late.
Cruel traitor?
You betrayed her?
Melanie, shut your mouth.
We've never been together, and I've never led you on.
She's lying.
You embarrassed me, but you're a corruptist.
Barys, come in.